Overflow group component (#1183)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/overflow-group/README.md

# Overflow Groups

## d2l-overflow-group

> The `d2l-overflow-group` element can be used to add responsiveness to a set of buttons, links or menus. Items added to this container element will no longer wrap on to a second line when the container becomes to small but will be added to a dropdown menu with configurable styling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `d2l-overflow-group` element can be used to add responsiveness to a set of buttons, links or menus. Items added to this container element will no longer wrap onto a second line when the container becomes too small but will be added to a dropdown menu with configurable styling. 
```

				<d2l-menu-item text="The Solar System"></d2l-menu-item>
				<d2l-menu-item text="Stars &amp; Galaxies"></d2l-menu-item>
				<d2l-menu-item text="The Night Sky"></d2l-menu-item>
				<d2l-menu-item text="The Universe"></d2l-menu-item>
			</d2l-menu>
		</d2l-dropdown-menu>
	</d2l-dropdown>
	<d2l-button>Copy</d2l-button>
	<d2l-button>Import</d2l-button>
	<d2l-button>Delete</d2l-button>
	<d2l-link href="http://www.desire2learn.com">D2L</d2l-link>
</d2l-overflow-group>
```

**Properties:**

| Property | Type | Description |
|--|--|--|
| `auto-show` | Boolean | Automatically determine the min and maximum number of items to show based on which elements have classes `d2l-button-group-show` and `d2l-button-group-no-show`. Please consult the design team when using this attribute. |
| `min-to-show` | Number | The minimum number of elements to always show. Please consult the design team when using this attribute. |
| `max-to-show` | Number | The maximum number of elements to show |
| `opener-style` | String | Set the style of the oferflow menu `default` renders a `d2l-button` while `subtle` will render a `d2l-button-subtle`|

> | `opener-type` | String | Set the opener type to `default` or `icon`, which will permanently render the dropdown menu symbol as `...` |

Reviewer: Wondering if the "..." style should be called "more" since that's what we call the dropdown opener type -- `<d2l-dropdown-more>`? Small nit though.
